01_DEFINE

1-0 LECTURE: Intro - DEFINE

The involvement of the customer is not obvious, especially not
in complex environments. One of the most difficult parts of a quality
improvement program is to define the problem and to bring all 
the stakeholders together to define the exact project that will be undertaken.
This is why the "define" part of the DMAIC process is so important.
We have left out one important aspect of quality, though,
and that is we need to consider the value
of the quality to the customer. As Godfrey says,
"The most fundamental truth is, that quality is relative:
the customer simply focuses on value
seen as quality over price."
We can only succeed if we're able to
offer more value than our competitors.
And quality can have many different dimensions. For example,
product performance, the reliability of the product,
the durability of the product, service ability. Quality must be defined
according to what the customer wants
and this must be in terms of measurable characteristics,
within the limits of their variability.

--__--__

1-1 LECTURE: Defining Quality

Quality:
"fitness for use and meeting or exceeding the customer expectations."
And then we have a
more recent definition by Professor Godfrey from North Carolina State
University,
and he says the most fundamental truth is that quality
is relative. The customer focuses on value
and it sees this value as a ratio
of quality to price, and
only when we offer more value than our competitors
do we truly succeed. So we also mentioned quality means 
different things to different people.
Quality could be for you the fact that the product works, the performance
of the product.
It could be the reliability of the product,
it could be the features that the product had or,
maybe, the aesthetics of the product.
It could be also a perceived quality--how do you
perceive the quality as your product, or today we're talking a lot about
sustainability aspects of the product. Quality must be
defined for each product based on what the customer
wants in the product through--
and this is important for our for our course--
it must be defined through measurable characteristics
and their limits of variability. So
quality is always relative to a set of requirements, to a set of specifications.
These can be functional requirements, these could be
subjective requirements, and quality means
meeting or exceeding customer expectations
depending on what the customer sees as quality.
So we understand that now.
What is non-quality? What do I mean by non-quality?
Quote from Warren Buffett:
"It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it.
If you think about that, then you'll do things differently."
And I think this tells us what
we all know non-quality means. If you think
of some of the product recalls that have happened recently,
if you think of the fines that the big companies
who've had big recalls have to pay or the damage to their reputation or to their sales.
The past view of quality management
was that this is very much end-of-line testing.
The products would come out of the line and be tested, and either they would be scrapped
or they would be reworked. Quality was viewed as costly and very very reactive,
something that would add time and resources,
consumption to your process, but today that has changed. And what we'd like to do now
is to review
the main milestones in quality management
over the past 100 years or so.
So here we see then from our textbook (4:25)
some of the major milestones, and we'd just like to highlight
the most important ones. And of course we start with the 1920s with Dr. Shewhart
from Bell Labs.
And Dr. Shewhart developed the fundamentals of the statistical methods
that are used today
for statistical process control and control charts.
And Drs. Dodge and Roming worked on statistical sampling plans, also a
key for quality management, and
we also had then the contributions of designed experiments.
So Sir Ronald Fisher,
he was working on agricultural yields,
and of course we have Dr. Taguchi, who was looking at
process and product D.O.E.s for engineers.
Now, in World War II the US military started using
statistical methods in order to produce goods
and ammunition, and after the war
there was many developments in the
science of reliability. But it wasn't until
after the war that the more exciting quality management
concepts were developed, then, for consumers,
for consumer production. And of course we start with
Edward Deming who went to Japan,
bringing Dr. Shewhart's ideas of statistical process control
to the Japanese automobile industry, and here we have the birth
of, with the Japanese, the worth of Toyota Production System,
also known as lean manufacturing. And this meant
that the Japanese automobile industry suddenly presented a huge
competition to the American
automobile industry. And it was understood
the power of these quality methods, and
in the 1980s, Motorola made a huge step
with their Six Sigma process,
a data-driven, systematic,
problem-solving approach following also the DMAIC flow.
In 1987, we saw the standardization
of quality standards
as part of the International Organization for Standardization.
This was the ISO 9000 standards at the time.
And today we see the acceptance of quality
as a critical strategic parameter
in business planning. And the customers--we are also interested in quality.
Particularly as we're looking at a more global
market and production, we're interested in quality,
and even more so now we're starting to look at sustainability.
So just to give you an example of Six Sigma.
So here is a picture of the Mini. 
Now this is not a real example for the Mini but suppose you have an
automobile with 10,000 parts and processes. So if you have in those 10,000 
parts and processes a failure rate of 6,210
parts-per-million. So for every million
part every million parts you have one failure
and you have 10,000 parts or processes. Then you can expect to have none
of your automobiles fault-free. If you
have a Six Sigma quality, if you have controlled your process to
3.4 defects per million
then you will have roughly 97 percent of
your product defect-free. So
this is showing us then
that if you have complex processes, if you have complex products,
if you use statistics in quality,
you can push your production from being
from having 0 good parts
to having nearly defect-free parts. Now
we wanted to talk again a little bit also about today's view of quality
management, and this is from
a presentation by Dr. Manfred Seiker here in Munich.
He's worked many years in quality management, and I like the way
he presents this. He looks at quality management
as a set of enablers and a set of results.
And across the bottom you see people, processes,
products, and then people again. And
at two different levels, you see subjective and objective. So
what this means--let's start in the top corner. In order to have
quality management in your organization, you need to have the leadership,
the employees, the value and the culture,
dedicated to quality. These subjective
ideas that then can be used to enforce
the objectives, strategy, management,
and targets for a quality organization, quality in the organization.
Now then, in order to
realize these targets, you have to manage change.
You have to manage change to change your processes, both your
internal and your external processes, and processes to do with your suppliers,
to develop quality processes.
Those are all the enablers. Then we move to the results.
Having quality processes, having the quality mindsets,
brings, then, quality products. And again, quality products
depends on what the customer expectations are.
You are meeting or exceeding customer expectations.
And then finally, who does this affect?
What are the results? You have your customers,
you have the society that is receiving your products,
but also as Dr. Seiker points out,
we have the stakeholders in the company, a very critical
part of our entire quality
management. These are the people interested in the success of the company.
Now what does it take to realize this?
Of course, we are looking at statistics in this course. We're going to be looking at
the processes and products, we're going to be evaluating
their performance and looking at ways to improve that, but
what else does this involve? And here,
in this next slide, Dr. Seiker has added
all the different people that are involved.
And you can see here finance, you can see here management.
You have the quality engineers doing the statistics.
You have the marketing. You have the product developers.
You have the communication. You have customers. Everybody in the company
is involved in the quality management. It is just not--
it's no longer just the inspection team at the end of the line
doing a sorting of the final products. It is a mindset,
it is a philosophy, which then drives the company
towards a goal of total quality management.

--__--__

1-2 LECTURE: Understanding Customer Expectations

Now we want to look at the important concepts of understanding 
customer expectations to define the problem, the heart
of the "define" phase of our DMAIC flow.
So for the learning objectives, we'd like you to be able to explain
the relevance of the "define" phases in the DMAIC flow,
and discuss the differences between a problem
in the process outputs, and causes of the problem, which should be
in the process itself or the process inputs.
And then we will list the key
parts of the "define" phase in a DMAIC project.
So, first of all, what we're going to use
is an example here from Dr. Reiner
Hutwelker, who's one of our course contributors. He's a Six Sigma Black Belt,
and here he has this scenario for cookie baking. (1:20)
So you have the inputs for your cookies.
You have flour, you have sugar, you have eggs,
you have salt. Those all go into the process.
Process: you have your cook,
the cook weighs the ingredients, mixes them together,
forms the cookies, and puts them in the oven. And your output
is a burnt cookie. What's your problem?
Clearly here you have a problem; you have a burnt cookie.
Now, this may seem very very obvious to you, (1:54)
but, as we show in this cartoon, defining the problem is not always so easy.
This is from project cartoons, so you have
how the customer explained what they
wanted, how the project manager understood what they wanted,
and then what the customer finally received. In a complex organization
with a complex product, you may know the customer expectations,
but you may not have understood them--or you may know the customer expectations
and then they change, or you may know the customer expectations,
but your process is not capable of producing
to that level of quality. So
it's important to be able to define
the problem very, very clearly--
clearly and accurately-- before you start any type of
project.
And this has been well-known in the literature.
You can see for many, many years people have discussed,
"What is a problem? How do you define a problem?"
And we can say
a problem is an undesirable state;
it is not meeting the customer expectations,
or it could be improved
in order to exceed the customer expectations.
It's a gap--a problem is a gap--
in the actual state, the as-is state,
and the desired state, the to-be state.
But now we need to, as part of our project--as part of "define"--
to define the problem, and here again
there's a lot of debate with scholars,
how to define a problem correctly.
How can you verbally state the problem,
how can you write down clearly what is the problem.
And the conclusion in general is that this depends on the circumstances.
It depends on the situation, it depends on the perspectives of the people.
But for our DMAIC project we need to clearly understand
what is the problem so that we can follow
our flow in order to effect
a process improvement. So
we're going back, then, just briefly to the cookie
scenario. Again you have inputs,
you have processes and then you have
and output. And here we have an output that the cookie is burnt.
And it's important to understand in this section
that problems
are always attributes of the
output a process. Here the example
is that the cookie is burnt. The problem is not that
we cooked too long, we baked too long, or we didn't use enough
eggs. The problem is that the cookie is burnt.
So, to restate this, and again this is from
Dr. Hutwelker (5:08), a problem is the deviation
of a required attribute in the product in the
output of a process. This attribute, then,
can be assigned to either a problem with the quality
of the product, a problem with the availability--maybe you don't have
enough,
or it's late--or a problem that the product consumes too many
resources. And you have a range, then--
a target range you would like your quality,
your availability, and your resource consumption
to fall within a desired range.
And when you look at the output, you see if those
are achieved or not. So
in the "define" phase of the
DMIAC process--and this can be extended into Six Sigma--
you want to do at least the following steps:
Customers, employees, and managers
need to identify problems, or you can call them
potentials, in processes and in products.
These need to be evaluated,
the relevance of the output parameters need to be evaluated,
and the impact of these output parameters
need to be estimated on the fulfillment of the
output quality. So how critical are these parameters for
output quality? The information is to be summarized
about the process, about the important outputs,
and about the problems that are observed. And you need to
indicate the relevance of this information on the customer expectations
and on the business. And finally then to agree on an objective
for the important critical-to-quality parameters,
and on the scope of the entire project. And then, of course,
as part of "define" in a real project, you would define the team,
you define your deadlines, and that would all be then clarified
before you move into the analysis,
the improvement, and the control parts-- the measurement, analysis, improvement,
and control parts of your DMAIC
flow.
So, to do this in our course, we have developed a small
project, the DMAIC project, and this is based on
hiking boot production--loosely based on hiking boot production--
and we use this, then, to help you
go through each step of the DMAIC process.
So, what we'd like you to do now--please complete the practice problem
for defining quality and then start
the DMAIC project in this section. We have the first part is the introduction
and the second part is called
defining customer expectations and basic process understanding.
Next week,
and then for the next seven weeks, we're going to be doing
the statistics for quality. And in
each section we're going to try to relate this, then, back
to our DMAIC project
with the hiking boots. And of course we have practice problems related to quality in each,
but from next week on we'll be looking in
detail at the measure, analyze,
improve, and control sections, and so it's very important to understand, then,
that the "define" phase is your starting point.
It's the define phase that then starts off
everything else for the successful completion
of your process improvement project.

--__--__

1-2 PRACTICE: Defining Quality


--__--__

1 PROJECT: Introduction


--__--__

1 PROJECT: DEFINE - Defining Customer Expectations, Basic
Process Understanding

